(TENSE ACOUSTIC GUITAR PLUCKING)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(LOADS GUN)
JACOB: In Jackson County, North Carolina...
...my family name meant somethin'.
Outlawin' was just a matter of blood
as hair color and height.
By the time I was nine or ten,
Daddy had me breaking down
big bags of crystal.
He got it from the Mexicans
through his biker buddy, Ed McGrew.
The auto shop was just a front
where I worked with Gerald
and his skinny-assed brother Jeremy.
They were the ones
that did Daddy's dirty work.
And everyone in these parts knew
he was not the kind of man
you wanted to cross.
Even though
they were mean as hell,
the Cabe brothers were
the closest thing I had to kin.
(TRAIN HORN BLARES)
Methamphetamine was a living, breathing body
in Jackson County.
And Daddy was the heart...
...pumping blood through
every vein in the region.
I got a cut from the sales
like most kids got allowance.
But Daddy held onto my money
for... safekeeping.
Maybe it's a life
I could've accepted...
...as generations of McNeelys
had done before me.
But Maggie Jennings...
...she made it so I couldn't.
(CAR APPROACHING)
(MUFFLED CHATTER)
(WOMAN SHOUTING)
(VOICES CONTINUE)
I've never blamed you.
God knows I...
- Don't bring God into this.
- (DOORBELL RINGS)
Don't blame May. You're not
responsible for a damn thing!
Want me to bring God into it?
You're not responsible for...!
MAGGIE: I got it!
Who are you?
Jacob McNeely.
That's what I thought.
What do you want?
I'm waiting for your daughter.
Stepdaughter.
Bo, honey,
you're making him uncomfortable.
- Hello, Jacob.
- Mrs Jones.
You'll have to forgive
my husband's lack of hospitality.
Where do you think you're going?
- Come on.
- No answer?
Nothin'?
MAY: You kids be safe!
BO: Jesus Christ...
- (DOOR CLOSES)
MAGGIE: I'm sorry about that.
It is what it is.
What do you mean?
McNeely.
The gift that keeps on giving.
( INSECTS CHIRPING)
(BROODING MUSIC)
OK. if college, where?
That would be Wilmington.
Wilmington?
Yeah. What's wrong with Wilmington?
- North Carolina?
- Yeah.
What?
I ain't never
seen the ocean before.
Well, then, I mean,
I guess we both gotta go now, huh?
(SOFT, POIGNANT MUSIC)
(POIGNANT MUSIC SWELLS)
(TRAIN HORN BLARES)
Hey. How's the shop doin'?
Fine.
You know, you could get your GED.
GED? What's that, like, herpes?
Smartass is what you is.
- Hey.
- (KEYS RATTLING)
Hear your mama's back at it.
(CAR APPROACHING)
(UNEASY MUSIC)
(OBJECTS CLINKING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(COOKWARE CLATTERING)
(KNOCKS) Mama.
Where the hell
did you come from?
Chauffeur just dropped me off.
- (DRAWER OPENING)
- (CUTLERY CLANKING)
What the hell you doin'?
Well, I had a goddamn lightbulb
I just had it brand-new and I can't find it.
Oh, shit!
You can't smoke that shit in here.
Last thing I need
is the goddamn law comin' round here.
It's just a smoke, Mama.
What did you do
with that goddamn lightbulb?
I haven't been here in weeks.
I know.
I knew you hadn't.
I sure do miss you.
Oh, I miss you, baby boy.
You come sit with me?
(SNIFFS)
You said you weren't
gonna get high again.
You got any weed?
Where are you goin'?
JACOB: Home.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
(MUMBLES)
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
(TATTOO GUN BUZZING)
WOMAN:
Well, look what the cat shit.
Yeah, nice to see you too, Josie.
(CHUCKLES)
(BUZZING CONTINUES)
JACOB:
What's with the 36-26-36?
What do you think?
What happens when you get fat?
You just keep
changing the numbers?
(MAN CHUCKLES)
(BUZZING CONTINUES)
Who the fuck is José?
JOSIE: it says 'Josie',
you dropout dipshit,
but what do you know?
Uh, I know that J-O-S-E
spells 'José'.
- (BUZZING STOPS)
- Are you shittin' me?
- Lude, did you do that?
- (LUDE STAMMERS)
JOSIE: Lude!
- You inbred asshole!
- Ow! Agh!
- What did you do?!
- Stop it, honey, come on.
Charlie, dude,
I'm sorry about that.
How in the fuck can you
be a goddamn tattoo artist
- and not know how to spell?
- I ain't finished.
CHARLIE: I know you ain't
fuckin' finished, obviously.
JOSIE: It's ruined.
CHARLIE:
He's gonna fuckin' fix it.
JOSIE: I'm goin' outside.
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Hey, bud.
I hear you been seen around
with that Jennings girl again.
What did I tell you about that?
I told you to steer clear
of Bo Jones' goddamn
rabbit-assed daughter.
She ain't no fuckin' rabbit ass.
You shut the fuck up.
I don't have to remind you
that her daddy thinks that he is
the Jesus J Edgar Hoover Christ
of the Appalachian Mountains.
Oh.
Hey.
Look.
It's you and me, son.
You gotta turn the record over, Jacob.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(BROODING MUSIC)
CHARLIE: Dwight.
DWIGHT: Charlie.
- (CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
CHARLIE: You lost?
DWIGHT: Be preferable, but no.
That new hothead deputy
locked Virgie up about an hour ago.
She were all fucked up
in Kitchen Alley.
Fuck me.
When was the last time
you saw her, Charlie?
Well, she come by here
about a month or so ago, looking for money.
I went by yesterday and saw her.
CHARLIE:
What the hell you doin' over there?
What's the problem?
I'm worried about her.
Thought you should know.
I'll drop her home in the morning.
(CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
She's out of her goddamn mind.
I told you to stay away from her.
Sure you gonna be OK?
- Thank you.
- Hey, Virg.
Let me give you my cell number.
If you need to call us,
you just call me direct, alright?
(VIRG TAKES BUSINESS CARD)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(SCREEN DOOR CREAKING)
I didn't say nothin'.
You don't know
if you did or you didn't.
(EXASPERATED SIGH)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
I promise, Charlie, I didn't.
Hey.
I bought you some groceries.
Come on.
(SOBS)
(SNIFFLES) I'm sorry.
You're OK. Look here.
(SNIFFLES)
(SNIFFLES SOFTLY)
I got a call from Jesse Collier.
You remember her?
- Jesse and Ron?
- Mm.
She was telling me a story
about her dog
finding poor Robbie Douglas
near dead in a ditch.
And I heard them brothers
you got workin' for ya
had something to do with it.
Now...
...when you say 'near dead',
what do you mean?
I mean, he was breathin'.
I just couldn't believe my ears.
Whatever they've got goin',
you keep Jacob out of it, you hear?
(TENSE MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
JOSIE: Hey, baby.
(JOSIE MOANS SOFTLY)
(KISSES)
Did you ever notice
how the skin on the outside of your lip
is thicker than the skin
on the inside of your lip?
You know, baby, don't ya?
JOSIE: Mm-hm.
(JOSIE MOANS)
(JOSIE EXHALES)
(CHUCKLES)
When I was working for
the County Road Force,
we worked on the patch crew.
And one day
we were driving down the road
looking for holes to fix
and we ran up on a dog
that had been run over by a car.
His fuckin' legs were crushed.
His guts were hangin' out.
And he was clawin' hisself
along the fuckin' highway with his front paws.
And I knew what I had to do.
So I got him by his paws
and I dragged him across the highway.
I pulled him in the ditch.
And I went to the truck
and I got my shovel.
And you know what he did?
He looked me right in the eye.
And I couldn't do it.
And I regretted it ever since.
Now y'all
get the fuck out of here.
(DOOR OPENS)
I'll be right back, baby.
(DOOR CLOSES)
- (BOTTLE CLUNKS)
- (FOOTSTEPS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
( INHALES)
(CAR ENGINE CHUGGING)
(CHUGGING CONTINUES)
(GUNSHOTS ECHO)
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(DOOR OPENS)
They were rippin' us off.
They did what they did to Robbie
so he wouldn't rat on 'em.
From what I hear,
that boy's bad off.
So all we can hope
is he goes home to Jesus.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
It's gonna be alright.
You just go on.
I'll clean all this up.
You don't have to worry about it.
Alright?
(SOBS SOFTLY)
(KICKS TABLE)
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
I love you so fuckin' much, baby.
I love you, baby.
Say it again.
- Say it again.
- I fuckin' love you, ba...
(BOTTLES CLINKING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(CROWS CAWING)
(SOFT,  INTENSE MUSIC)
(CAR APPROACHING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING IN DISTANCE)
(STAIRS CREAKING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Shit, you look pretty good.
What you been doin' for yourself?
What did you do, Charlie?
(WRY CHUCKLE)
- Charlie, what'd you do?
- It's gonna come down hard.
- It don't matter.
- Does matter.
(THUNDER RUMBLING
IN DISTANCE)
No, it don't.
The devil's got you.
Shit, the devil's been
suckin' my dick since I was 12.
You ain't never gonna change.
You should get outta here,
go home.
CHARLIE: Open the fuckin' door.
Hey!
I done what I done for Jacob.
What did you think'd happen?
(UNSETTLING STRINGS MUSIC)
(CROCKERY CLANGING SOFTLY)
(CLANGING CONTINUES)
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
- (DOOR OPENS)
Hey, bud, breakfast, come on.
You're kinda draggin' ass
this morning, bud.
So I'm gonna need you full-time
at the shop for a while.
Turn the record over, huh?
Damn straight.
Mornin', babe.
Mornin'.
Mm!
- How did you sleep?
- Good.
Yeah?
Why don't you
put some damn clothes on?
You're gonna give him
a hard-on before breakfast.
JOSIE: (CHUCKLING) You think?
- (CHARLIE CHUCKLES)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC  INTENSIFIES)
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING STOPS)
(CAR APPROACHING)
Shit.
Hey, Johnny Law's on the way.
(SNIFFS)
Alright, then,
appreciate the help.
I'll check with you later.
CHARLIE: I'll see ya soon, Ed.
ED: Jacob.
Hello, Officer.
How can I help you?
I'm looking for
Gerald and Jeremy Cabe.
(MOTORCYCLE ENGINE
STARTS, RECEDES)
I ain't seen 'em
since last Thursday.
Do you know
where I can find 'em?
No. Why? Did something happen?
What makes you ask that?
Well, you're lookin' for 'em.
How long they work here for you?
Hell, I dunno, five or six years.
Something like that.
You got any files on 'em?
Employment records and the like.
You want me to go get 'em?
Well, that'd be proper.
Alright, then.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC)
(CAR COVER RUSTLING)
DEPUTY: Well...
...what have we here?
That a, uh, '69,
'70 Goat?
It's a mean ride, man.
This place looks pretty official.
Best shop in town.
Your mama told me otherwise.
CHARLIE: Alright, there's everything
I got on 'em.
DEPUTY: You just let us know
if you hear anything.
Fuckin' scum piss.
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(MUTTERING)
Take my fuckin' cover off my car...
I remember I was about 16...
...and my grandpa was preachin'.
And right in the middle
of his altar call -
bringing people down
to have Jesus Christ himself
forgive 'em of their sins -
well, Jackson County Sheriff
Burl Breeze,
big, fat, ugly son of a bitch,
he come walking into church
with his deputies
and they handcuffed Grandpa
and drug his ass out
right down the aisle
through his own congregation.
Like a dog.
Grandaddy just started drinkin'.
He kind of fell apart.
He lost his church,
everything that went with it.
Well, that same year,
Burl Breeze
got found dead in a ditch.
He'd been beat to death.
And then a little while later,
I was on a date with your mama
in my daddy's purple Pontiac Matador
with a push-button transmission.
We had a flat tire.
And I got out, got in the trunk,
found a tire tool...
...and there was dried blood
all over it.
(SOFT,  INTENSE MUSIC)
So, you see, Jacob,
my daddy
and his daddy before him,
and now you...
...we do not choose
this way of life.
It chose us.
It'll be that way
till we ain't breathin'.
(DOOR CLOSES)
CHARLIE: Sit down.
- (BOTTLES RATTLING)
- (REFRIGERATOR DOOR CLOSING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Found him.
Robbie?
Boy's still in a coma.
Kenford Regional Hospital,
room 114.
The last thing in the world
I wanna see happen
is for some sorry son of a bitch
to fuck up our livelihood.
(JACOB SIGHS)
Hey.
Come here.
You're my boy, aren't you?
Yeah.
(KISSES)
Take it.
If that thing needs to go off
for some reason,
it touches mud in water.
Got that?
Alright.
Hey.
You're a McNeely.
(UNEASY, DISCORDANT MUSIC)
(UNEASY, DISCORDANT MUSIC CONTINUES)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(VIBRATING CONTINUES)
(VIBRATING STOPS)
(MUSIC FADES)
(SINISTER MUSIC DRONES)
(CAR ENGINE  IDLING)
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(KEYS RATTLE)
(MUFFLED CHATTER)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(DOOR OPENS)
MAN: It's OK,
we'll come back tomorrow.
(VENTILATOR HISSING, PULSING)
(PHONE RINGING)
WOMAN:  ICU, this is Carol.
Yes. Doctor's arriving at 3:30.
In 117.
No, he was... (VOICE FADES)
Alright.
Have a good night.
- (MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY)
- (VENTILATOR HISSING, PULSING)
(REMOVES MASK)
I'm sorry.
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
(STEADY BEEPING CONTINUES)
(BEEPING QUICKENS)
(TENSE MUSIC ESCALATES)
(BEEPING CONTINUES TO QUICKEN)
(GASPING)
(BEEPING RESUMES STEADY PACE)
- (MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY)
- (VENTILATOR HISSING, PULSING)
(MUSIC FADES)
MAGGIE: ♪ Oh, say, can you see
♪ By the dawn's early light
♪ What so proudly we hailed
♪ At the twilight's last gleaming
♪ Whose broad stripes and bright stars
♪ Through the perilous fight
♪ O'er the ramparts we watched
♪ Were so gallantly streaming
♪ And the rocket's red glare
(VOCALS FADING)
♪ The bombs bursting in air... ♪
(UNSETTLING DISTORTED MUSIC DRONES)
- (SINGS  INAUDIBLY)
- (UNSETTLING MUSIC CONTINUES)
♪ Of the
♪ Brave.
(CROWD APPLAUDS)
(DISTORTED CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
(UNSETTLING DISTORTED MUSIC CONTINUES)
(DISTORTED CHEERING)
How 'bout that first half?
Hoo-hoo!
Loved having
my very own Maggie Jennings
singing the pre-game Anthem.
How 'bout that?
Give a hand for Maggie.
Let's give her a big hand. How about that?
BO: Beautiful job, Maggie.
So, in closing, let me just
take this moment to say
when I'm elected governor
of this great state,
I aim to make this community
and beyond
a safer, better place for all of us.
So, without further ado,
let's enjoy the second half,
and let's go, Eagles!
Alright! Let's go!
Let's go, Eagles!
(REFEREE'S WHISTLE BLOWS)
(MUSIC FADES)
(DOOR OPENS)
- Hey, Mom.
- Hey.
What you doin'?
Sittin' here, thinkin',
that's all.
What you thinkin' about?
Just where he might be headed.
That Indian?
I mean,
maybe he's going off to...
...fetch a lady or somethin'?
Maybe he's going off to die.
I think I'd kind of like to be
headed with him, you know?
You know, it's sure nice
talking to you, Mama.
I don't get the chance...
...to really talk to you that much.
I feel about as clear-headed
as I have been in a long time.
(JACOB SNIFFS)
You could just stay that way.
(SNIFFLES) I wasn't always...
(SNIFFLES)
Things were good. You remember?
(JACOB SNIFFLES)
Yeah.
♪ Lullaby
♪ And goodnight
♪ With roses bestride
♪ With lilies bedecked
♪ 'Neath baby's sweet bed
♪ May thou rest
♪ May thou sleep
♪ May thy slumber be blessed... ♪
(JACOB SIGHS)
If it's OK with you, Jacob,
I think I might go lay down
in my bed a while, OK?
You need to
get out of this place.
Away from your daddy.
Mama, I'm not goin' nowhere.
I'm a McNeely.
No, you're more than that.
You know, you had goodness in your heart
the minute you came into this world.
You got that from my mama,
and my daddy too.
(SNIFFLES)
I got that from you, Mama.
Oh, well...
I kinda fucked that up, didn't I?
No, you did not.
Well, I did.
It is what it is. You know?
- Hey, Mama?
VIRGIE: Yeah?
I'm not leaving here without you.
I love you, babydoll.
(SNIFFLES)
(PENSIVE MUSIC)
(RAPID PUNCHING, PANTING)
(PHONE CHIMES, VIBRATES)
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
What do you want?
JACOB: (ON PHONE)
Hey, uh... I'm out front.
Can you just come out?
No!
No! if Bo catches you
when he gets home he'll...
He'll what?
What, he'll kill me?
Just... just come for a minute.
(DISCONNECT TONE)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Jesus Christ!
(HUFFS) What the hell?
Where are your folks?
I've no idea.
Probably just gambling
my college away.
What?
They're about to lose everything.
We're about to lose our house.
Is there anything I can do?
I really don't want
to talk about this.
Wait, wait.
Look...
Maggie you are everything to me.
Please... will you give me
another chance?
Just let me think about it.
Sure.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(POIGNANT MUSIC)
- (BIRDS TWITTERING)
DWIGHT: Uh-huh?
BO: (ON PHONE) I got me
a pile of dirt on Charlie and Ed McGrew,
regarding the meth they been moving.
I need to sit down with him.
And you need to be there,
you hear me?
Make it happen,
sooner than later.
(PHONE HANGS UP)
Fuckin' Charlie...
Fuck... (STARTS ENGINE)
Here you go.
There you are.
Thank you.
No problem, Mr Jones.
BO: As you know,
we had your ex-wife in custody.
She had a lot to say about you.
Such as?
Such as you trolly the get-go
all through this county and beyond,
that your shop does good laundry.
That such as.
Mm.
And I know that Ed McGrew
delivered the kind of payday
that you been waiting for
all these years.
But now, you know what?
(CLICKS PEN)
Your choices are...
(SCRIBBLING ON NAPKIN)
...this here.
(PEN CLICKS)
I receive this.
Then you close your goddamn shop
and get the hell out of my county.
Or I will nail your ass to the cross.
- Reasonable?
- Whoa, hold on a sec...
You will see to it too, Rogers,
or I will nail your ass
up there with him.
Don't act as though you don't
know what I'm talking about.
I know all about
you and Charlie here,
helping you
with your money problems.
Oh, and you know what?
Your boy come knockin' on my door.
Is that right?
You are devil done up, Charlie.
Get me the money,
or I'm gonna see
he goes down with you.
Oh, one other thing.
I know Robbie Douglas
worked for you.
So if you're not all boogered up
about your strung-out ex-wife's testimony...
(WHISPERS)
..you might be interested to know
old Robbie's still blowin' bubbles.
In fact,
he's taken a turn for the better.
Fuckin' cocksucker.
What's that, Charlie?
It's not like I got anything
against suckin' cock,
but just so you know
that you are one
no-good cocksucker.
(WRY CHUCKLE)
I should have slit his fuckin' throat
when he was a kid.
Sit down, Charlie.
Is that true, what he said?
About Ed McGrew and the money?
Were you ever gonna tell me?
Or give me a taste?
Huh.
This cannot fold up on me.
I will not let that happen.
You hear?
You're the fuckin' cocksucker.
WOMAN: (ON TV) Can you see it?
Can you see it?
So bright.
MAN: (ON TV)
There's nothing there, Anna.
(CAR APPROACHING SLOWLY)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(HANDBRAKE CRANKS)
MAN: (ON TV) What's wrong?
WOMAN: (ON TV) I have to go...
( INSECTS CHIRPING)
(FAINT TALKING CONTINUES ON TV)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Oh, Virgie!
I thought you didn't say nothin'.
But you lied to me.
(STAIRS CREAKING)
If you fuck me over...
...you fuck your son over,
you fuckin' two-bit whore.
Do you know what this means?
You know goddamn well
what it means.
(WHIMPERS SOFTLY)
(SOBS SOFTLY)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS GRADUALLY)
(MUSIC FADES)
MAGGIE:
You know, I'm glad you called.
And Bo and Ma, they're just...
...gettin' harder to be around.
Wish I could just get out of here.
Hey, how much money do you need?
Oh. I mean, it's...
It's... it's a lot, uh...
15,000.
(CLEARS THROAT) That's including
the scholarships and everything, so...
...it's pretty much impossible.
(MAGGIE SIGHS)
Yeah.
You know,
I've been working, like,
pretty much my whole life, Mags.
Like, I've... I've got money.
It's just sittin' there in Daddy's safe.
I just need to get it, that's all.
No, I couldn't...
- I couldn't let you.
- I want you to.
Are you serious?
I am.
If you can go to college, go.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's alright.
I just...
I don't know if this is really a...
JACOB: I get it.
We can just sit here for a minute.
MAGGIE: Yeah, I'd like that.
( INSECTS CHIRPING)
Shit!
Where you been?
On a date.
With who?
Maggie.
Put that milk up.
Grab you a glass and sit down.
This is not to the generations
of McNeelys.
This is to you and me,
right now.
Hey, Jacob.
Yeah?
That boy's still breathin'.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
Hey, uh...
...I'd like to get my money.
Somethin' to do with that Jennings girl?
L-I just... want my money.
I worked for it.
When?
Don't worry about it.
You'll get what's comin' to you.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(SINISTER MUSIC CONTINUES)
Ma?
Got donuts.
(MOURNFUL STRINGS MUSIC)
(INAUDIBLE SOBBING)
(INAUDIBLE SCREAMING)
(MOURNFUL STRINGS MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC FADES)
(CAR APPROACHING)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
Hands up.
Do like I tell you now.
I fuckin' called you, man.
Alright, I'm gonna need you
to show me that body now.
You got any weapons on you?
No.
Go up there, turn around.
Turn up against the wall there.
(DEPUTY CONTINUES PAT-DOWN)
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
I'd say she's dead, alright.
DRT.
Dead right there.
(PHONE CLICKS)
Was you stupid enough
to touch anythin' in here?
No.
(PHONE SHUTTER CLICKS)
That is a big gun
for such a skinny thing.
What that shit'll do to you,
ain't it?
You know if she did
much whorin' in here?
(PHONE CLICKING)
Well, it's clear what happened.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Put that down.
(SNOW GLOBE THUDS SOFTLY)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Shame she had to
go and blow her brains out.
I always heard she had some,
uh, fun fight in her.
(DEPUTY SNICKERS)
(JACOB  INHALES SHARPLY)
- (JACOB SHOUTS)
- Fu...! Oh!
(BOTH GRUNTING, GROANING)
Get off!
(BOTH GRUNTING, STRUGGLING)
(DEPUTY GRUNTS, SPLUTTERS)
(DEPUTY CHOKES, SPLUTTERS)
DWIGHT: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- (STRAINING) Get him off me.
DWIGHT: Come on!
Jesus! Get off!
Jesus... OK, settle down.
Stay calm. Stay calm.
Hey, hold on! Hold on!
Settle down.
- Kid tried to fuckin' kill me!
DWIGHT: Just stay calm.
Put that fuckin' thing away now!
- He tried to kill me!
- Put it away!
- Fuckin' animal, man!
- Goddamn!
Put the fuckin' gun away now!
You're fuckin' trash, boy!
No different to your daddy.
Hey, what I got to do with you?
You got your... got your nerve?
(PANTS HEAVILY)
Come on, son.
(GASPS, SPLUTTERS)
DEPUTY: Fuck you, man!
(GRUNTS, MUTTERS)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(SNIFFLES, EXHALES)
I just want to get my money
and get outta these
goddamn mountains.
She had a tough go of it.
She really did.
He done it.
She took her life, Jacob.
(UNEASY MUSIC)
(DOORKNOB CLICKS SOFTLY)
(DOOR OPENS GENTLY)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(COCKS PISTOL)
(TENSE MUSIC)
CHARLIE: Buddy.
Son. What you doin'?
You fuckin' killed her.
Who'd I kill?
You talkin' about your mama?
(BREATHES RAGGEDLY)
Are you...
are you talkin' about the bitch
that's fucked every friend
I ever had?
Is that who you're talking about?
(JACOB SNIFFLES)
You mean the fuckin' cunt
that left her own son
like a bloody fuckin' tampon?
(SNIFFLES)
I know you fuckin' killed her.
- I will fuckin' kill you.
- Really? You'll kill me?
Well, pull the fuckin' trigger, then.
Pull it.
Come on.
You think you got the balls
your old man has?
You know how much
life is worth, bud?
It ain't worth a plug fuckin' nickel.
Pull the fuckin' trigger,
blow my goddamn brains out.
Your mama was already dead, boy.
She's been dead for a long time.
(SOBS)
It's OK. Come on. Shh.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(GUN CLATTERS SOFTLY)
Come on.
Oh.
(SOBS SOFTLY)
Don't you ever
come in my fuckin' house
and put a gun
to my fuckin' head.
(SLAPS) Do you understand me?
Do you understand me?
(SLAPS)
Do you fuckin' understand me?
Don't you ever fuckin'
come in my house
with a fuckin' gun to my head!
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me?!
You get outta here
and don't you ever fuckin' come back.
You piece of fuckin' shit.
Now go. Get outta here.
(SLAMS DOOR)
Who the fuck does that
little bastard think he is?
I built him a goddamn kingdom.
JOSIE: He ain't done.
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(CAR APPROACHING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(SIREN  INTENSIFIES)
(SIREN FADES)
(EXHALES)
It's at home.
(OMINOUS MUSIC  INTENSIFIES)
(BIRDS TWITTERING)
(CAR PULLS UP)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
Hey.
How you doing?
I'm doin' just fine.
Who hit you?
Doesn't matter.
Well, listen, um...
...Bo Jones has it out
for your old man.
He's gonna, um, issue a warrant
for his arrest.
If you can figure out a way
to get your money, best do it.
Otherwise... everything's gonna be seized,
confiscated.
It is what it is.
(DWIGHT SNIFFS)
You know, when my wife died...
...everything caught up to me.
If I wanted to hang on
to that shit,
I probably would've just...
...fuckin' took out this gun
and ate it.
But I didn't do that.
And I just...
...sort of done what I done.
Now, you...
...you got a life ahead of you.
Just don't fuck it up.
Gonna be alright, kid.
(BROODING MUSIC)
Get that money if you can.
- (CAR DOOR CLOSES)
- (CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(CAR PULLS AWAY)
(BROODING MUSIC BUILDS)
(KEYS RATTLE)
What you thinkin' about?
Just how to fix this.
(MAGGIE SIGHS)
MAGGIE: What?
(BROODING MUSIC BUILDS)
Shit, I gotta go!
What the hell?!
Uh, I gotta go, Maggie.
Where are you go...?
Jacob!
(EXHALES) Jesus!
CHARLIE: Hey, babe.
Get me a bottle of Jack too,
and some filberts.
OK.
(WHISPERS) Fuck!
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(CAR DRIVES AWAY)
(FLICKS LIGHTER)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Come on, come on...
(LOUD EXPLOSION)
(TENSE MUSIC  INTENSIFIES)
What the fuck?!
Jesus! Fuck!
Christ, that was
my goddamn vehicle!
If my life ain't fucked up
enough already!
Motherfuckin' shit!
(KEYPAD BEEPS)
(HANDLE CRANKS)
(EXPLOSION)
Goddamn, shit!
What the fuck's happening here?!
(DIALS PHONE)
(LINE RINGING)
Fuck!
Babe, get your ass
back here right now, alright?
L-I don't have time to explain.
(KEYPAD BEEPS)
(HANDLE CLICKS)
(SIGHS)
- Oh, my God! What happened?
- I don't know.
The somebitch
just went boom, that's all.
Holy shit! How?!
CHARLIE: The hell if I know!
Get that other hose
and help me out.
Bit late for that.
Jesus!
Hang on a fuckin' minute.
What is goin' on, Charlie?
Charlie?
Char...
What is goin' on?
- Will you talk to me?
- I fuckin' knew it!
Goddamn it! Motherfuckin' shit!
No! I leave for five minutes
- and you ruin our lives!
- Shut the fuck up!
CHARLIE: I know you're out there,
you little motherfucker!
You've fucked up for sure this time.
What the fuck, Charlie?!
Jacob!
You think I ain't
gonna find you?
'Cause I'm comin' after you.
Get in the car, meet me down
the road now. Go!
JOSIE: God...
CHARLIE: Jacob!
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Shit...
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GLASS SHATTERS)
(TENSE MUSIC ESCALATES)
(FIRES GUN)
Fuckin' motherfucker.
You fuckin' lyin' bitch.
- Excuse me?
- Your little fuckin' playtoy.
Did you give him the combination?
- What are you talkin' about?
- My safe.
- You gave him the combination!
- I didn't give nobody shit!
How did he get into it?
You're the only one
that knows the combination!
- Charlie...!
- So you go to the store
and then fuckbuddy comes over,
blows my goddamn car up
and robs me.
The fuckin' combination
is written on your fuckin' back,
you dumb motherfucker!
- (BRAKES SQUEAL)
- (TIRES SCREECH)
(LOADS GUN)
(CAR APPROACHING)
- (TIRE POPS)
- Fuck!
- (BRAKES SQUEAL)
- (JOSIE YELPS)
- (TIRES SCREECH)
Oh...
Fuck, Charlie! My head!
Well, fuck off
if you can't take it.
(LINE RINGING)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
What?
What happened to your britches, son?
Why don't we forget about
all this shit? What do you say?
There ain't nothin' in here
but goddamn birdshot.
It's you and me Jacob, remember?
You're a McNeely, son.
You don't want to do this,
trust me.
(DISCONNECT TONE)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(SIGHS)
(BLENDER WHIRRS)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
- Hello?
JACOB: (ON PHONE) Hey.
We're leaving here.
What?
I got the money.
Pack. I won't be long.
OK. OK.
- And, Maggie.
- What?
Just need to tell you
I love you.
But we gotta go.
I need you to pack your things.
I won't be long.
(WHISPERS) I love you, too.
(PHONE BEEPS)
FICTION FACTORY:
♪ I scream but no one knows
♪ You say I'm familiar
Cold to touch... ♪
(WHOOPS)
- Hey, you.
- Hey there.
I've broken down.
Ah. Need a ride?
You look like
a little damsel in distress...
Hey, bud. I'm afraid I'm gonna
have to appropriate your truck.
Alright? Come on.
♪ Feels like heaven...
(TIRES SCREECH)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(CLOTHES RUSTLING)
What do you think you're doin'?
What's it look like?
It looks like
you're fixin' to go someplace.
Where's Mama? Huh?
Shopliftin'.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Move.
You expectin' somebody?
Hi. I need to... need to speak
to your dad. Is he home?
Is something wrong?
(CAR ACCELERATING)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
JACOB: Maggie! Where are you?
Maggie?
Fuck!
Maggie!
Oh, fuck...
Fuck!
Shit, shit, shit.
(PHONE VIBRATING)
JACOB: Where's Maggie?!
- You mean your little rabbit ass?
I swear to God
if anything happens to her,
- I'll fuckin' kill you!
- Alright, kid.
You might wanna meet me
at your dead mama's house.
Otherwise your little Maggie
might meet an early demise.
- Do you hear me?
- Fuck you!
Hang the fuckin' phone up!
(POIGNANT MUSIC)
(POIGNANT MUSIC BUILDS)
Fuck!
Fuck.
(SIREN WAILING)
(SIREN  INTENSIFIES)
- (CAR PULLS UP)
- (CAR DOOR OPENS)
Where's Jacob?
On his way.
You sure?
Does a hobby horse have...
(GUNSHOT)
(CHARLIE GRUNTS)
(GUN CLATTERS)
(SCREAMS)
(LOADS GUN)
- (JOSIE WHIMPERING)
- (WINDOW RATTLING)
(JOSIE GRUNTS)
(JOSIE SHRIEKS)
(GASPS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
May God forgive you.
(BODY THUDS)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(SIREN  INTENSIFIES)
(TIRES SCREECH)
Fuck.
Out of the car, asshole.
I said get outta the fuckin' car!
What the fuck's goin' on here?
You fuckin' hear me, cocksucker?!
I said get outta
the fuckin' car now!
(GUNSHOT)
(DEPUTY GRUNTS)
- Jacob, Jacob...
- What the fuck are you doin'?
I'm not gonna hurt you. OK?
I'm sorry, Jacob.
Just... give me the money.
Where is she?
Just get the fuckin' money.
Where the fuck is she?!
I'm sorry, ]...
Is she dead?
Is she?
I'm sorry, I just...
Tell me!
(GUNSHOT)
CHARLIE: Check his trunk.
- (CAR DOOR OPENS)
- (BEEPING)
(LOCK RATTLING)
(SOBS)
- (SOBS)
- Are you OK?
HAZEL DICKENS: ♪ Pretty Bird
♪ Fly away
♪ Little pretty bird
♪ And pretty
♪ You'll always stay
♪ I see in your eyes...
(INAUDIBLE)
♪ A promise
♪ Your own
♪ Tender love you bring...
(INAUDIBLE)
♪ But fly away
♪ Little pretty bird
♪ Cold
♪ Runneth
♪ The spring
♪ Fly
♪ Fly away
♪ Away
♪ Little pretty bird
♪ And pretty
♪ You'll always stay
♪ Fly far beyond
♪ The dark mountain
♪ To where you'll be free
♪ Evermore
♪ Fly away
♪ Little pretty bird
♪ Where the cold
♪ Winter winds
♪ Don't blow.
(GUNSHOT REVERBERATES)
(SOFT, POIGNANT MUSIC)
(POIGNANT MUSIC SWELLS)